Not enough space in overlay file on XFS filesystem (#444)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/elevate/ELevate-frequent-issues.md

## Leapp upgrade error "More space needed on the / filesystem"

> If the `leapp upgrade` step fails with the "More space needed on the / filesystem" error, ther could be two separate problems:
>  1. Not enough free space, it is necessary to expand the `/var` partition:
>     * For this purpose, we kindly ask you to search for a [suitable guide](https://docs.icdc.io/en/compute/faq/extenddisk/).
>  2. For partition that uses XFS, instruct `leapp` to use bigger overlay file by setting environment variable before running `leapp` command (default is 2048 MB):
> ```
> export LEAPP_OVL_SIZE=4096
> sudo leapp preupgrade
> sudo leapp preupgrade
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `leapp upgrade` step fails with the "More space needed on the / filesystem" error, there could be two separate problems:
 1. Not enough free space on the /var partition. In that case, it is necessary to expand the `/var` partition:
    * For this purpose, we kindly ask you to search for a [suitable guide](https://docs.icdc.io/en/compute/faq/extenddisk/).
 2. For a partition that uses XFS, instruct `leapp` to use a bigger overlay file by setting the environment variable before running `leapp` command (default is 2048 MB):
```
export LEAPP_OVL_SIZE=4096
sudo leapp preupgrade
sudo leapp preupgrade
```
```
